INSERT INTO CONTRIBUTOR (APP_ID, CON_DATE_JOINED)
VALUES
	



Poetry Schedule
EACH DAY
Best American Poetry 2022: 3 poems 
Poem-A-Day (poets.org): 1 poem
Verse Daily: 1 poem
Poetry of the Day (poetry foundation): 1 poem
Joy: 100 Poems: 1 poem a day

/// Notes

Poem about losing my teeth (in dreams)

There isn't a specific story connected to this toy, but it's kind of a mark of my childhood and also my dad. My dad used to have this big, cardboard box of transformers tHat he would allow my sister and I to play with. I don't know where that box went; we moved a few times, and probably in between that the box vanished into to the abyss. 

I chose to bring this because a lot of my hobbies and personal interests have been influenced by my dad: my love of video games, animated marvel tv shows, Indiana Jones, my taste in music. 

CAESURA
- Driving and self-doubt
need GPS as safety harness
- the cement walls poem 

And the assistant tells me to cross my arms
and my legs. 
What would happen if I didn't cross my arms
and my legs? 
Are you telling me I can
fall off this slide? 

Epic but it's just me getting up in the morning
and doing things I need to do (dramatized)

A poem with lines all the same length
but sounds wrong

Kiss my lips
Confliction of desire


Where do I get lost? Unnecessarily Complicated
On the road, driving through Indiana
Getting lost in Indiana: cornfields, 
gravel roads that extend forever, 
forever extending driveways into oblivion, 
Supercenter Walmarts, 
Watching the sun set behind the Aaron's
mazes on the backs of kids' menus, 
getting lost in a dream, 
a self-sabotaging GPS set to destroy me, 
wanting to get lost in the woods
as a good excuse never to return to society. 
Indiana's an easy place to 
hide within the corn. 
Navigating the UI
Sorry, I forgot what I was talking about. 
Let me start again. (restart) 
I'm supposed to tell you

Sorry, 
sorry. 
I lost my place again. 

My mom always said, "God isn't finished with
you yet," and that sounds like an insult
if I ever heard one. 


0-0-0-0

I like the challenge
I like the game
I don't steal shopping carts from Walmart -- 
I take them from Aldi

0-0-0-0

I hope you'd abstain
from judgement, as I take you through my house; don't lift
the couch cushion -- sheltering a plane-
tarium where crushed potato chips are stars. If you shift
attention to the kitchen, see the stack-
s of documents and receipts decorating the counter. Take a seat
and ignore our dog as he is hack-
ing up another sock. You hear the thundering of feet, a fleet
of children run for the Xbox; white-
ish ambient light trickles in, illuminates the power-ranger
red of Mom's tired eyes. And a fight
has broken out, a controller stolen, and the victim's anger
is loud, angry for justice. And so I'll entice
you to leave while you can, with this advice: sanity is nice.

Write poem about homonyms

/// Submission Bio

Quinn is a senior Computer Information Systems major with a minor is Writing. She loves social equality, banana-flavored anything, and Sigourney Weaver. She remains undefeated in Just Dance 3. Her hope for the future is to find a sustainable job and not die of hypertension from overeating cheap ramen.  

/// Panic!

Help me
Help me
Don't touch me, my skin is numb like plastic
I want to be a barbie doll, solid, heartless, 
no veins and no thoughts. 

/// DOCC Poem 

Hunting for Truth / Abstract Order

Look me in the eye, and tell me what you believe
is real; no regrets, and no doubts. 
Listening ear. I'm here to hear. 
Philosophy of logic. Truth in science. Lies in space. 
Fault in religion. 
I'm the modern Socrates with all-seeing glasses. 
I'm the man in Plato's cave, and I've seen the
light, and it burned. 

Stagnant Ideas

Fighting the change
Holding onto what I know is true, what I've been 
told and what I tell myself. 
My opinions clash (around others) like
astroids colliding. 
I see a (bird) 
and they see an (airplane), and they 
always said my eyesight was poor. 
I don't need glasses, I need validation. 
I refuse
to bend (give way); I stand rooted to my worldview,
when turbulence tears away my environment, everyone around me. 
I am petrified, and it keeps me still,  
and I will go down in flames if I have to. 

Wibbly Wobbly / Triple Sided (but more) / Riding the Seesaw

I'm easy to persuade. Just last week, you 
talked me into disliking the new Star Wars triology 
because they lack originality and well-developed
worldbuilding. Why would I disagree? You know 
more about the franchise. 

I'm (tempermental). I don't mind where we eat because I 
like every kind of food. 

All these worldviews look tempting. I'm picking them from a candy store, crafting my personality, my morals, my ethical code from dry macaroni noodles and 

I'm unbiased completely or completely biased 



/// Colliding Angles

Everything I know to be true
I was told by someone else. I am one person, and
I am the amalgamation of 
thousands. 

Perfectly
unbiased, or biased entirely. 
I am every opinion taken form, and I keep absorbing
more. I'm analyzing art: 

charcoal both black and white
and an array of greys. I see cubes and you see
rectangles, so I too see
rectangles. 

Impressionable
and appreciative, I can't argue. 
I was given extra eyes to search for the
sun, but I haven't yet 

opened the right ones. 
 

/// Love on the Sidelines
(a real love poem; a poem I would want to receive, if I loved someone like that)

/// Love Sonnet

7 A.M. and the door opens. You're sneaking
into my room, remote in hand, wanting me to play Mario Kart; 
we're playing Uno, and you're peeking
at my deck of cards (with no subtlety). You think a fart

is the pinnacle of humor -- and even funnier when I yell
and push you away. You steal my phone cord, 
often for days at a time, then claim it's yours and try to sell
it back to me. On my whiteboard

you caption the weird faces I draw, 
and you give them hats to wear. 
I tell a joke and you laugh with no sincerity. Haw haw haw. 
When I get up to grab a glass of water, you take my chair. 

When I leave for college, you cry
although I haven't gone that far. I'm still nearby. 

/// Bringing the Sun Inside

Lossless compression, crisp audio
of a singing bird
and the trickle of a perennial stream; 
360 pixels displayed on my computer screen. 

Graphite colors complement the 
cinderblock walls, 
and my faux straw-weaved mat is vibrant
with its green bamboo leaves and shrimp-pink flowers. 

The cement is grainy beneath
my bare feet: 
craterlike and grey, chipped paint and dust distrupted
with every step, like I'm walking on the moon's surface.  

Only one season reigns, and I can hear
the rattle of warmth
but feel no sweeping winds. And there's nothing to touch
my soul besides the ceiling crawling closer. 

Above, florescents hum and buzz and bake
me in their false rays. 
And while I can touch the bulb and sense its heat,
I can't agree it is the same. 
And maybe I'll buy a UV lamp to simulate the sun. 

/// All the Punks

Raypunk
Steampunk
Cyberpunk

Ray-
Steam-
Cyber-
punks

/// Garden World (Ephrakis whatever poem)

I brought you to my garden world, 
where everything makes sense. 

I planted all the trees in aisles; 
the grasses grow no weeds. 

There are no bees or gnats or wasps
to disturb our morning jaunt. 

I've created all of nature's splendors
and left out all the rest. 

The weather's warm but not intense. 
I brought you to my garden world. 

/// Egg

I saw an eye swimming in the
yolk of a broken egg, where
a baby bird, a fetus, still was forming. 

I imagined the mother mourning
her dead child on the sidewalk; 

and as deep as a six-year-old's grief got, 
I felt bad but then forgot
within a week. 

/// Willfully Ignorant

I hide under a blanket to avoid the space outside my bed. 
I turn off the T.V., the eyes
to the soul, to the heart
of bad happenings. 
Willfully ignorant, the world burns
while I remain safe, curled on my couch
with my dog at my foot -- 
a dog that can do no harm:  
scared of men, 
scared of night, 
scared of baths. 
Loves unconditionally. 
I can't imagine how cold is must be outside this winter. 


/// Get Angry, Fight Gravity

Tie your shoes, blow your nose,
listen to aggressive
dubstep, and channel anxiety 
into anger, 
stretching your legs, 
landing on the foot's
palm, 
propelled forward, 
sweat crawling past your
ears, 
neck, 
collarbones; 
it pools into your eyes
and you blow it from your mouth -- 
the spit; sweat
freedom. 

/// Navigating My Hometown


"Where should I turn?" you ask, 
watching me as if I know
everything; I have years on you, 
living in a place that's new
to your eyes. 
Sweet and undiluted, your trust in me. 
You haven't flipped the blinker, yet. 

Take Franklin St. for a bit. 
Pass the liquor store, the Dollar Tree, the
Horizon Bank at the corner of W Barker Rd. 
You may see an older woman 
pushing her shopping cart of belongings beside
the curb. 
Heed the jaywalkers. 

Let's continue northbound, where
we merge onto a one-way road and enter
the downtown area. Deciduous trees 
sprout from the medians, and potted bushes
are artfully placed among sidewalks. 
Buildings are falling apart, but in a romantic way. 

I fall asleep in the passenger seat, 
and for twenty minutes, you don't notice. 
You're doing fine on your own. 

We're forced onto Michigan Blvd, coming to a T
intersection in front of the weird, geometric library
made of windows. 
I forgot it was this close to home. 
I tell you to turn right again, because
why not? Right seems as good a direction as any. 

The ride along Washington Park is pretty; there's a lovely
view of the frozen, sandy turf. People park their cars, sit, 
smoke, and admire the lack of a sunset: the hazy grey. 
You say a jeep cut you off, but I had no idea. I was staring
at a particularly wispy cloud. 

We're somewhere in the boondocks, now. The last thing we passed
was Rocky's Body Shop, which makes you anxious and which 
I think is funny because I'm not at the wheel. 
You decide to turn back, and 
I try to convince you to buy a GPS -- 
something with satellite mapping. Something a little
bit more reliable.
And about this time, you should realize
I never knew where we were going. 


/// A Parking Lot Future

Fields of asphalt
The sun setting behind the strip mall, the Aaron's
Traffic jam hell 24/7

/// Down Bad for Merriam
(listen Shantae and the Pirate's curse track for inspo)
(could also be the fourteen rhymes poem)

She uses [vernacularisms] I don't understand;
Wanna touch her hair and hold her hand. 
 
She says I'm 
destitute
delinquent
d-words
Don't know what it means, but I think it's cute. 

I say she's 
my panacea
perfunctory
pretty little

pacative
p-words
The fountain goddess from Crimea


/// Kid's Menu Maze
(people looking at me)

Start at the finish
Connect the dots
Drawing on the back of a paper full of ads
Getting lost going to the bathroom, 
Mom tells me to fake it 'til I make it
as I weave through the aisles
and ignore the people who are staring
-- or who I think are staring --
at me. 
I'm looking around for a bathroom sign
hidden, camoflauged within the wooden panelled walls
the signs say "Cow" and "Bull," and I forgot both of 
what those mean. I'm twelve years old in an Outback Steakhouse and I don't know cow anatomy. 
Thank my lucky stars, I don't see any urinals when I open the door. 
A short, dark-haired waitress brushes past with an "'Scuse me," as I walk back to my table. 
In the time I was gone, my brother spilled his Dr. Pepper
over the table, the floor, and himself
and there's a horde of servers giving us the side-eye. 
Make eye contact with the server, and say thank you. 
Food arrives, and we can't eat it all. 
Pack it up to go in styrofoam boxes. 
Someone watching me over the booth. Look out the window and watch people walk to their cars. 

/// Mountain Biking Through a Blizzard

Mud has scrubbed a stain
into my jeans. I lift 
myself from underneath my bike; a plane-
tarium, where sleet are stars, does shiver, shift, 
and rain around me. I'm lying on my back --
and stand again, climb onto my seat, 
pedal through the wind, and gears are hack-
ing dead, wet leaves. A fleet
of skeleton trees stand stern against the white
horizon. The Power Ranger
red of my reflector is a beacon, and I just might
crest this hill, if I pour my anger
into motion, rotation and rotation, and the stitch in my sides could entice
me to quit, but I will escape the ice. 


/// Bad Habits Will Die

I will kill you. 
It's not a threat, it's a vow. 
I don't know how, 
but I will kill you. 


/// She Threatened Me With a Chair

Holding the chair above her head
Angry, screaming 
her red face framed by white-blonde hair
We were close as sisters come. 
We would climb the second-story roof, and 

jump from porches, playsets, 
flying off from swings and 
hurting ankles dropping down from 
trees. She was always less afraid 
than me, and
we let go balloons

accidentally slipping from the van door
seconds from buying them. Watching ones caught
on Walmart's ceiling, along with the bird she named
Cheep Prices. 


I, the responsible elder
dropped the five-pound wedding album on her head
as a baby. 

I was bigger, and 
she wanted to be better 
than me. She was
better at math

We fell down the stairs
many times. 
We tortured our stray cat
with our love. 
We dug up toy soldiers from 
the earth, and 
we set up shop on the 
railroad running through our backyard. 
We talked of how we would be 
famous, and what people thought of us, and
we danced in the basement to Sigur Ros. 
We climbed the roof of our house, and
we let go balloons

and prayed they would reach heaven. 


/// Self Love

Whenever I feel I'm worthy of love, I zoom out
in my mind's eye to an outside perspective of
myself, a self seen by others and by me in the 
mirror, and I remember my place in the world
with people more impressive than me. I find it 
easy to escape reality until I see myself in a 
reflection and realize my body is not what my
imagination has created it to be. 
I could try harder and probably actually improve
my looks, my social standing, but the more I'm 
told this, the more tempting to travel in the 
opposite direction. To make myself more 
reprehensible, to shun the world and not care, 
in efforts to ward off anyone who wouldn't
like a lesser me, because it's not every day we
can be the best version of ourselves
My imagination is one of my best assests, 
and memory is one of my worst, which work well
for me because I can imagine better alternative
realities and then forget which reality is truth


// Body Horror
A veiny muscle that continues to clench
and unclench
pushing and pulling viscous, vitamin juice through my body. Skin purples, bruises, flushes, pales, bloats, shrinks, withers. 
Thinking too much makes me float, dizzy, I eternally lean sideways. 
Like dreams where I lose all my teeth, or my fingernails are torn away, leaving my hands bare and bloodied. 
Do you have any idea how many capillaries 
are in your hands 
and in your head? Just a flesh wound can cause 
rain. Holes stapled and sewn together, 
I am the modern monster, a creation of Frankenstein.
I look at myself and see a sack of skin,
I look at others and see a sack of skin, 
a face hiding
muscle hiding
neurons hiding
a skull hiding
cavities and fluid and teeth hiding
a pinky-soft, uncooked brain. 

Sometimes my pupils dilate too far, 
and I look like an animal
going into shock. 
Sometimes I look past the tear ducts, into the corners
and see the fleshy crevices that 
so comfortably hold my eyes. 
Spoon out my grey-green eyes to see the space within. 
Do I have no soul if I have no doors
to peek inside? 

/// Religion

I've been raised my entire life 
to say He is God. 
I can't imagine God with the voice of a woman


/// Be My Tomorrow, For Now

Wear the rose-colored glasses, if you'd like; 
recall a past that was beautiful, 
better than now. 
It wasn't much different, I could tell
you. But I won't. 
Romanticize a time you never 
lived. I lived them all.  

You want to be a '20s flapper 
dissenting against society
and smoking cigarettes, or
you'd rather be a gypsy in London, 1700,
pedling treasures and hawking her wares.
You think your life is less rich 
because you've never danced at a Romanov ball. 

I don't remind you that
the stock market crashed, 
the gypsies sold, and
the Romanovs slaughtered. 

I know that if the past were your present you'd
already be gone. 

So let's watch re-runs and live outside 
of time. Let's use the life that you have left, and eat 
Indian food, chase thunderstorms, 
chart seas, play too much Monopoly, 
smile with all our teeth, 
stargaze until our eyes bleed:

let's do all of these things, or none -- 
and I don't know what's to come,
where we'll go, or
what we'll do. But I know I will outlive you. 
I'll try fulfilling your story before it ends,
before your name's buried in history, 
and before I'm left alone again
watching all the was and wasnt's, 
once upon a time. 

  
/// I Want Self-Indulgent Poetry, The Harlequin Novels of Poetry

Timeline: 
Hole in the attic (imagination, separation)
She threatened me with a chair (siblings)
Too many garages (moving)
I'm just a ladybug in a fake house; welcome home,
ladybug
- plastic furniture, walls blue as the sky
- through the window peers a giant eye
- like the moving of techtonic plates
- the house stretches and breaks

You were supposed to be better (pressure to 
meet expectations)

Dateline and DUIs: 
Mom solved a murder
Hoosiers like meth
Mario music
Those wild Riley girls

This one's for OPEC: 
Elon Musk sends it to space
Styrofoam snow
My van goes beep beep (responsibility, money)
