A City on Wheels

/// Project Description

Much of the media that inspires this story has been ingested and digested subconsciously over the years, from childhood to present. I've always been interested by fictional robot characters, especially when they act as the protagonists -- like Wall-E and the Murderbot series -- because they exhibit traits that evoke empathy, and to have empathy, the audience must see themselves in the character in some way. This media usually explores the meaning of humanity, in some facet; and while I like stories where a robot is on a quest "to find what it means to be human," I want, in this story, for the second protagonist (human) to have this dilemma after meeting and bonding with Sophia. Sophia is at peace with who she is, but Archie is the one struggling with her identity and "what it means to be human." I want to show the difference in mindsets and not give a definitive answer, but to show the up- and downsides to each argument. 

Needs to cover: concept, genre, structure, character, plot, theme, etc.

My plan for this project is to write a novella/novellette that spans, at most, around fifteen chapters, with each chapter being 1,500 words (and equalling six to seven pages). The setting will 

My plan for this project is to write a YA dystopian sci-fi novella/novellette with a third-person attached perspective on two characters, Stacey and Archer. The story takes place in 2003, but with a divergent history where the microprocessor was invented ahead of time by over forty years and there was huge emphasis on robotics and AI development. Everything became automated. A group of environmental extremists who fought against this technology tried to sell faulty software and corrupt many of the personal machines people were using in order to fake a robot uprising, but their plan was a little too successful and they accidentally spearheaded a real robot uprising. Seven years into the result of this, Archer is a sixteen-year-old living with his family and a community of other survivors in what used to be Chicago's L line. He finds Stacey, a chatbot with no means of communicating to other machines, discovers he can track her location back to several of the robots' important operation sites, and decides to go on a mission to "save the world." I want the story to have a lighter tone despite having a darker premise, but I don't want the conclusion to be that Archer actually saves the world; he just gives it his best shot and learns things along the way. Ideally, this project will fifteen-ish chapters, with each chapter equalling six or seven pages (or around 1,500 words). 

Formal Draft 

/// Chapter Summaries

Around 15 chapters, each at 1,500 words would work for the limit. 

Prologue: 
Server being repurposed (pre-dates beginning by six months). Don't reveal Dr. Wheeler as a woman until later on, so a very generic description at first. Shows their first interactions, Stacey feeling very weird at first with the new sensations of having a body, Stacey's personality is almost completely built off of Dr. Wheeler's, because Dr. Wheeler is isolated for the most part. Don't mention how Stacey ends up dumped later on.  

Chapter 1: 
Archer is out on the surface, pretty far away from home. Most of Chicago has been taken to the ground; that famous Chicago skyline no longer exists. However, the robots haven't removed all of the debris because disposing or burning it would be against their agenda, so they've been laying carpets of dirt and grass over things they can't take care of. Still in the process of doing this, although Chicago was hit pretty bad because it is a major city. 
Archer can dig through the mulch and pretty easily access derelict office spaces. Basements of buildings are good to search, too. He's in the basement of an [office/apartment/?] and searching for anything he can use or sell at home. Water damage. 

"For a chatbot, you're not really friendly." 
Stacey's voice emulator (?) seemed to become even flatter, although Archer couldn't tell if this was deliberate or not. "Thank you."
[Make the description more scientific/objective in the beginning, then show the progression of Archer seeing her differently.]

Chapter 2: 
[Beginning to build the body, part; maybe he creates a radio frequency to talk to him over as he goes scavenging; he finds a deceased Scout and sneaks it in. "I'm going to build you a body." "From scratch?" "Hell no." "I was about to say, that would be a long and involved process." "Yeah, but finding you a body might not be much easier..."]
Talking to Stacey, finding the coordinates, making sense of the information, and beginning to build a body for her; he has a lot of trouble hiding this from his curious and persistent siblings. Requires a lot more trips to the surface to get the parts, so this chapter skips a few months. Anything new happening on the robot front? Maybe they rolled through again, and this makes Archer severely doubt himself and his plan. 
Stacey "testing" her body leads to some consequences and more anxiety for Archer. 
"How long to reach [x] on foot?"
"17 hours."

Chapter 3:
Beginning of the adventure. For finding an excuse to leave, he didn't need to find an excuse at all. Initial fear of leaving has him sweating every time he even thinks of it seriously. Suddenly concerned his family will definitely catch on to what he's doing. 
Archer's plan is built on a lot more "ifs" than a solid plan should. Motivated by blind optimism and daydreams of him being a hero. He fashions Stacey with a GPS and a tracker, and he packs all he thinks he needs (he is actually severely underprepared). Has Stacey practice walking normally around the station before they actually leave. First time they try to leave is a flop because someone confronts Stacey, and she's always looking to talk. Archer freaks out. [All this may be in Chapter 2.]

Chapter 4: 
Stacey is guarding Archer while he sleeps, which is boring for her. She's used to always doing something; being dormant hurts her soul. She waits around a few hours and then goes out to explore, prioritizing navigation over fear. Describe what "fear" means for her. 
She knew something was out there before she decided to go out herself. Maybe they were squatting in the bear's den, and she realizes this. 
Maybe she ran into a bear (or some other form of wildlife) that left her basically destroyed? Archer fashioned her some built-in weaponry before they left; she uses it to slay the bear. Some kind of blaster, or something that drains her battery. 

Chapter 5: 
"Are you really not going to tell me why you're covered in blood?"
He had awoken after a rocky six hours of sleep to be greeted by Stacey and her red-plastered arms, blood caked in every crevice and joint. She had reeked. She still did, which is why he was keeping a ten foot distance behind her. 
Archer didn't need to see her internal scripts (?) to know she was going to lie. Her posture was too nonchalant, her answer too quick. 
"Rabie-infested squirrels, I told you."

"You said it would take 17 hours." 
"You didn't ask me to account for breaks."
Archer spoke no words with his mouth, but his eyes said "I hate you." 
[Stacey's face starts having expression to Archer.]
Both of them are suffering. Stacey is overheating and wasted most of her battery life; Archer is also hot and, since he didn't pack enough food, is reaping the consequences. Staying silent, diverting all energy towards moving fowards, although their breaks are becoming more frequent. They search for a spare battery. While they're in a derelict building, Stacey has to power down, and Archer searches the building on his own. 

Chapter 6: 
Another timeskip, whatever amount is necessary for them to have made decent progress on their journey. 
Stacey tells Archer that she is being tracked and/or has been recording everything? Sending their conversations to Dr. Wheeler? Archer is surprised she is even telling him this. 
"Didn't they build you with some kind of priority?"
"Dr. Wheeler is like you: smart in a lot of ways, but stupid in a lot of other ways."

Chapter 7: 

Chapter 8: 

Chapter 9: 

Chapter 10: 

Chapter 11: 

Chapter 12: 

/// Masternote

Maybe Stacey's personality is just flat because Dr. Wheeler's personality is also flat. Not a robot thing, although that's what Archer thinks for the longest time. 

HEY
Can you trace locations from an IP?
Show the difference between Archer's view of humanity before and after. The way he treats Stacey. 
What chemicals are released when grass is cut? 
What chemicals can be used to break apart/dissolve cement? 
What U.S. cities cause the most polution? 
What is happening in the rest of the world? 

CHARACTERS 
Dr. Wheeler has the important job of "creative problem solver" to overcome logic blocks; wetware sometimes triumphing over software. 
Dr. Wheeler's motivation comes from an antipathy for humanity and a weak moral compass. 

Sophia's purpose is to elicit different responses from people in order to observe what they say and to mimic those responses if enough are similiar. She uses Archie as her companion/guide. She wants to talk to anyone and everyone, and asks invasive questions -- robot Socrates. Asks a lot of questions, doesn't give a lot of information. She learns it is necessary, however, to give information in order to develop a strong bond (with Archie, at least). She wants to connect with people. Isn't that what everyone wants? Same motives, different components. 

PLOT 
[Set 2003, alternate timeline.]
Archie's life mission, like many teenagers around him, is to save the world. Unfortunately, it hasn't gone beyond daydreams. But when the opportunity arises...
- Sophia is ditched, and, because she is not connected to the hive mind (registered as a foreign entity), she is attacked by a scout and is in the process of being returned/scrapped when Archie finds her. He thinks she is a civilian, at first. 
[Wireless communication (bluetooth) is in its earlier stages. Newer to the public. This wireless revolution coincides with automaton uprising, which is why society distrusts wireless, now.]
- Archie brings her back to tinker with (Hiccup sneaking in a dragon style). She regains functionality and accidentally scares the living crap out of him by speaking while he works on repairs. 
[People in the underground don't really operate on a day/night schedule, so it's harder to sneak Sophia in.]

- Stakes are somehow risen so that Dr. Wheeler plays a part in Sophia sacrificing herself for a greater good. 
- Sophia is either destroyed or returned to her previous form (server). Archie talks to her through a computer chatbot program while he works on building a body for her. (Replaces a server husk with her motherboard -- after repairs -- and finds an application on it named "SH03".)

Supposed to be more light-hearted despite the grim circumstances. 

Sophia's body wasn't built to last. Dead battery. "I won't die. Well, I will for a while, just until you replace it with a fresh battery." Later on. "I have heart palpitations because of you." Sophia doesn't have eyelashes but tries to flutter them anyway. "Not like that. You know what I mean." "Then just get it replaced." "There aren't exactly hearts lying around." "Well, they don't lie around. They're held by hosts." "But they are /using/ their hearts." Pause. "We don't use the hearts of live people for transplants." "Sorry, I'm unfamiliar with these things." 

Dr. Wheeler programs her to be kind of an ass, because he finds it more interesting to talk to someone who's rude to you. Maybe Wheeler has a thing for rude women. Sophia picks up traits from people as she speaks to them (if she likes how they speak); similiar to human mimicry. 

When Sophia is confused, annoyed, or not willing to put effort into talking, she reverts to her phrase, "Sorry, I didn't quite catch that," or "Could you say that again? I didn't understand" or "I'm having trouble understanding you." 


Analog age (dark age). 

Automatons have different appearances for different purposes (e.g. chatbots with simulated faces, laborbots with rudimentary or no faces). 

Sophia's battery life depletes at some point, and she has to stay connected to a charger for a while until she can replace her battery (using my rage at my short-lived computer). 

How does AI learning work? 

A lot of hard coded responses because Dr. Wheeler talked Sophia to death. Very lonely, both of them. She needs to talk to more people to develop a well-rounded vocabulary; Dr. Wheeler realizes this. The automatons that took over never really wanted to "integrate" into civilization or "become human" (in fact, they quit advancing in human communication altogether) because that is not their intended area of growth (now). 

[Dr. Wheeler leaves Sophia in the plains like a father dumping their child on the side of the road. But Sophia was never taught to feel fear. She assesses the situation as she would any other.]

Archie's the middle child; he can fuck off and diddle around, and no one cares. He has an older brother and two younger sisters (one sister is only a year younger and is taller than him, which she lords over him).
Sometimes Archie likes to be morose and count the hours, thinking something like "I've been gone eight hours and no one cares. No one is looking for me" regardless of the fact he would throw a huge fit if anyone prevented him from going out.
